clarification of self closing slash (#22173)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/void_element/index.md

> ## The curious case of self-closing tags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Self-closing tags
```

_Self-closing tags (`<tag />`) do not exist in HTML._\

> If a trailing `/` (slash) character is present in the start tag of an HTML element, HTML parsers ignore that slash character. This is important to remember when an element requires a closing tag, like {{HTMLElement('script')}} and {{HTMLElement('ul')}}; adding a trailing slash does not close the element. However, some code formatters add a trailing slash character to the start tags of void elements to make them XHTML compatible and more readable. For example, some code formatters will convert `<input type="text">` to `<input type="text" />`. Self closing tags are required on empty elements in [XML](/en-US/docs/Glossary/XML), [XHMTL](/en-US/docs/Glossary/XHTML), and [SVG](/en-US/docs/Glossary/XML), like `<circle cx="50" cy="50" r="50" />`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If a trailing `/` (slash) character is present in the start tag of an HTML element, HTML parsers ignore that slash character. This is important to remember when an element such as {{HTMLElement('script')}} or {{HTMLElement('ul')}} does require a closing tag. In this case, adding a trailing slash in the start tag does not close the element.

However, some code formatters add the trailing slash character to the start tags of void elements to make them XHTML-compatible and more readable. For example, some code formatters will convert `<input type="text">` to `<input type="text" />`.

Self-closing tags are required in void elements in [XML](/en-US/docs/Glossary/XML), [XHMTL](/en-US/docs/Glossary/XHTML), and [SVG](/en-US/docs/Glossary/SVG) (e.g., `<circle cx="50" cy="50" r="50" />`).
```

> The start tags of SVG and MathML elements that cannot have any child nodes are allowed to be marked as self-closing. In such cases, if an element's start tag is marked as self-closing, the element must not have an end tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In SVG and MathML, elements that cannot have any child nodes are allowed to be marked as self-closing. In such cases, if an element's start tag is marked as self-closing, the element must not have an end tag.
```
